Clarify what `config.assets.debug` does (#490)
rails/sprockets-rails: README.md

**`config.assets.debug`**

> Enable expanded asset debugging mode. Individual files will be served to make referencing filenames in the web console easier. **This feature has been replaced by Source Maps and does nothing in Sprockets 4+.**

Author: ```suggestion
Enable asset debugging mode. A source map will be included with each asset when this is true.
```
